task 0:The program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.
task 1:The function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
task 2:The function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
task 3:The function that checks for lowercase character.
task 4:The function that checks for alphabetic character.
task 5:The function that prints the sign of a number.
task 6:The function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
task 7:The function that prints the last digit of a number.
task 8:The function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
task 9:The function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
task 10:The function that adds two integers and returns the result.
task 11:The function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
#ADVANCED TASKS
task 12:The function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
task 13:The function lists all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
task 14:The program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space , 
task 15:Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000.The program finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
task 16:The program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
- The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
- You are allowed to use the standard library
- You are not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
- You are not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures
- You are not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2) 
